myTest aperto aperto aperto false
myTest aperto aperto chiuso false
myTest aperto aperto var false
myTest aperto aperto vuoto false
myTest aperto chiuso aperto false
myTest aperto chiuso chiuso false
myTest aperto chiuso var false
myTest aperto chiuso vuoto false
myTest aperto var aperto false
myTest aperto var chiuso false
myTest aperto var var false
myTest aperto var vuoto false
myTest aperto vuoto aperto false
myTest aperto vuoto chiuso false
myTest aperto vuoto var false
myTest aperto vuoto vuoto false
myTest chiuso aperto aperto false
myTest chiuso aperto chiuso false
myTest chiuso aperto var false
myTest chiuso aperto vuoto false
myTest chiuso chiuso aperto false
myTest chiuso chiuso chiuso false
myTest chiuso chiuso var false
myTest chiuso chiuso vuoto false
myTest chiuso var aperto false
myTest chiuso var chiuso false
myTest chiuso var var false
myTest chiuso var vuoto false
myTest chiuso vuoto aperto false
myTest chiuso vuoto chiuso false
myTest chiuso vuoto var false
myTest chiuso vuoto vuoto false
myTest var aperto aperto false
myTest var aperto chiuso false
myTest var aperto var false
myTest var aperto vuoto false
myTest var chiuso aperto false
myTest var chiuso chiuso false
myTest var chiuso var false
myTest var chiuso vuoto false
myTest var var aperto false
myTest var var chiuso false
myTest var var var false
myTest var var vuoto false
myTest var vuoto aperto false
myTest var vuoto chiuso false
myTest var vuoto var false
myTest var vuoto vuoto false
myTest vuoto aperto aperto false
myTest vuoto aperto chiuso false
myTest vuoto aperto var false
myTest vuoto aperto vuoto false
myTest vuoto chiuso aperto false
myTest vuoto chiuso chiuso false
myTest vuoto chiuso var false
myTest vuoto chiuso vuoto false
myTest vuoto var aperto false
myTest vuoto var chiuso false
myTest vuoto var var false
myTest vuoto var vuoto false
myTest vuoto vuoto aperto false
myTest vuoto vuoto chiuso false
myTest vuoto vuoto var false
myTest vuoto vuoto vuoto false
